Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Bearian Starfish the Third,
you will show the proper
respect in my courtroom
just like
everyone else.
To your feet, sir.
- What a crowd.
Thank you, Bearia.
- Order in this court.
Please take your seat.
Now, Bearian Starfish the Third,
many here view you
as a heroic
figure,
a great adventurer,
and scientist
who discovered a means to
harness the love energy.
The one who led us space bears to victory
in what seemed like
a lost war
with the Mizerbot Colony 12 cycles ago.
- No need to thank me, sir.
- There are others
who say you are a scoundrel,
a thief,
a murderer
who cheated his way to the top,
and is solely motivated
by his own financial gain.
- That's not true, sir.
I'm a self-made Space Bear.
I wouldn't harm one one
tablet on a bornox Bearian.
- Well, that may be,
but you face
serious charges of treason,
war crimes, and murder
for your tole in the Zondyke Affair.
How do you plead to these charges?
- Not guilty, sir.
- Well, Bearian,
I could sentence you to 14 cycles
of farming the slug pits
of Beezlecar Seven.
But the fact of the
matter is your planet, no,
the entire universe
needs
your
help.
- I'm always here for the universe, sir.
- As you know, Bearian,
a growing problem with the
universe came to our attention
some years ago.
Some have yet to evolve
beyond the uselessness of war
and needless suffering as
we have here on Bearia.
There is a festering blackness
that grows stronger each day.
It feeds off the hatred
and negative energy
of this planet we call Earth,
where man kills man
and destroys all that he touches.
- I know nothing of
this place called Earth.
- Let me show you, Bearian.
- How can those barbarians
live this way, sir?
- Well, they have not yet
discovered the love energy
and weapons of peace.
They are destroying themselves,
and perhaps the entire
universe, with their negativity.
- But how can that be?
- Our records indicate there
is a great black emptiness
spreading out from the center
of the Milky Way Galaxy.
It's size is doubling exponentially
as it sucks up the never
ending supply of negativity
from planet Earth.
We predict that within 100 life cycles,
it will have swallowed their planet
and will be on our doorstep.
We need your help, Bearian.
- But what can I do?
The Milky Way Galaxy must be at least
10 million pinosars from our galaxy.
It would take a lifetime to get there.
- You are Bearia's greatest weapon expert,
the inventor of the Love Bomb.
That has made peace and
tranquility possible for us.
We need you to travel to Earth
and construct a Love Bomb there
in order to detonate and
spread the love radiation
throughout the planet.
It is the only way to save our universe.
Our scientists have come
up with a method of travel
that will allow you to make
the trip in only three cycles.
We now have a functioning worm hole
that leads straight to the Milky Way.
- So, I'll be able to get back?
- You will have two Earth months
once you arrive on the planet
to complete your mission.
Our scientists won't be
able to keep the wormhole
functioning any longer than that.
I think if anyone
is aware of the danger
involved, it would be
you.
- Where do I sign up?
- We interrupt
your regularly scheduled
programming for a special news alert
from Space Bear News.
Now, here's Bearia's
most trusted news anchor,
Bearaldo Ribeara.
- This morning, Bearian Starfish the Third
prepares for his dangerous
journey to the Milky Way Galaxy.
Bearian has been
undergoing intense training
and environmental testing
for the past four weeks
to get ready for the unknown
conditions of Planet Earth.
Scientists have developed
a functioning wormhole
that will transport Bearian to Earth.
He will only have two months
to assemble a Love Bomb
on Earth and detonate it.
I am receiving word
that Bearian is about
enter the wormhole now.
Let's go to our action crew on location
at the Honeycomb Scientific Test Site.
- Whee!
- Looks like Bearian made it, folks.
All of here at Channel 5 News
wish you the best of luck, Bearian.
Long live the Space Bears.
- Listen up, pussycat,
it was your kind that came in
the night and killed my daddy.
Ever since that day, I've been
hunting you down like dogs,
and I want you to know just
why I'm gonna murder you.
I got 25 kills behind me now,
and you're just another notch in my belt,
you dirty sack of fleas.
I don't think today is
your lucky day, pussycat.
This one,
just like all the rest before my papa.
Okay, today was your lucky
day after all, pussycat.
And things ain't looking bad
for old Ricky Gitsburg either.
I think I just found
me a space rock, kitty.
Whoo-hoo!
- That's my stuff,
and someone going to get
hurt if they're not careful.
Someone gonna get hurt.
Hey, that's my stuff.
Good night, bunny rabbit.
Little pansy's scared of a boom-boom.
Hello, this is soft and fuzzy.
He need my help.
- Oh, no you don't, numbnuts.
That thing's gonna make me a rich man.
Dang it, I can't get a
clean shot from here.
- Crap.
We not gonna make it.
- Just what are we dealing with, here?
- All Soccer 9, this is
Agent Spears, come in.
- This is All Soccer
9, read you loud and clear.
Over.
- Sir, the bear has landed.
Repeat, the bear has landed.
Yogi is in the house.
- 10-4, Spears.
Comprehend visitor at any cost.
- As you wish, sir.
Spears out.
We'll find him, all right.
- Oh, Ken, I like your laugh.
You laugh with your eyes.
- You know, when you're 100, I'll be 105.
- I wanna die before you do, Ken.
- Blue eyes say,
"Love me or I die."
Brown eyes say, "Love me or I kill you."
- Oh Randy, you made it.
Do you think Bobby Kennedy will
win the election this year?
- It's Trump, Granny, the
orange coochie grabber.
Bobby got shot.
- Oh, heaven's no.
I just saw Bobby on the TV yesterday.
He's such a handsome man.
He's gonna make a fine president.
- Okay, Granny.
Going to my room now.
- Will you tell Gramps that
the grass is looking long,
and he might want to get
his blower out tomorrow?
- You know Gramps is long gone.
- Gone where, honey?
- Gone fishing, Granny.
Fishing again.
- Fishing again?
Fishing?
- She was a star
in her own little world.
The girls loved her.
I was sure she wouldn't give it up
for anything in the world.
- I gotta find that alien.
It's my ticket to fame,
and I'm not gonna let some
overgrown kid mess it up for me.
If he gets in my way, he dies.
Oh crap, I'm sorry, Valerie.
You okay, baby?
I know they're in this
area somewhere, baby.
It's only matter of time.
Ricky Gitsburg always catches his prey.
Always.
- Teddy is broken.
What's wrong little buddy?
- Queezlenax.
Queezlenax.
- Guidoneck?
What's a guidoneck?
- Queezlenax.
Queezlenax.
- Oh, you hungry?
You mean you eat bees?
- Queezlenax.
- So, I understand.
I'll be right back.
- Queezlenax.
Queepo Jango.
- Queepo Jango.
- Uh-oh.
Looks like the cat's out
of the bag on this one.
Well, I hope you piggies
are ready to eat some bacon,
'cause Ricky Gitsburg is about to feed you
your own behinds for dinner.
These guys are good.
Holy crap, there it is!
It's a fricking teddy bear.
- All right, Gitsburg,
you're coming with us.
- Kiss my grits, pig!
- Come in, HQ, we just
had a confirmed sighting.
Repeat, Smokey just started a fire.
We have sighted the visitor.
- Why they shooting?
What I do now?
- You're in over your head, kid.
- Ow!
Never do that again.
I know a safe place.
Follow me.
♪ Flowers, flowers, flowers everywhere ♪
♪ Flowers, flowers, flowers in my hair ♪
♪ Flowers, flowers, pretty as can be ♪
♪ Flowers here and flowers there ♪
♪ They're just for you and me ♪
♪ Flowers, flowers, ooh,
they smell so sweet ♪
♪ Flowers, flowers, also just so neat ♪
♪ Flowers, flowers, all we need this way ♪
♪ Pick some for us, we adore them ♪
♪ Put them on our grave ♪
- Zo Jappa Zee.
- I'll teach you how to
talk with the big book.
- I'm going to need your help.
The future of the
universe is in our hands.
- Man,
you smart.
- So, Ricky, you want to
tell us what's going on here?
- I wanna call my lawyer.
I have rights like anybody else.
- That's true, you got rights.
But that doesn't mean we
have to respect those rights.
Now you're gonna tell us what you saw,
or we're gonna start cutting off fingers
until you change your mind.
Who is the kid, and where is the alien?
- Buzz off and die, pig, I ain't talking.
- Have it your way.
- Come on, guys, I don't
know any more than you do.
I saw the alien crash, but the kid ran off
before I could even get there.
Can't we work something out?
- We're gonna work it
out all right, Ricky.
You belong to us now.
- Yes sir, what's the situation?
- We're gonna need some
medics up here pronto.
And tell them to bring a
Sham-Wow, or something,
'cause we gotta big mess.
- Yes sir.
- You'll burn for this, Spears!
- You never told me your name.
- Well, I'm Bearian Starfish
the Third in your language.
Bearian for short.
I am a Space Bear of the planet Bearia.
- Okay.
My name's Randy.
I'm a guy of planet Earth.
- I know.
We have a lot of work to do, Randy.
We're going to need some plutonium.
- Plutonium?
Uh, huh?
- We're also going to need a car battery,
a satellite dish, a chainsaw, gunpowder,
and a shortwave radio.
- Where we gonna get all that?
- I'm not too sure, Randy.
It seems I have powers on your planet
that I did not have on my own planet.
I just can't use them too
much, or I will get very sick.
- I don't want you to get sick.
You're my only friend.
I will help you, Space Bear, I promise.
- Thank you, Randy.
You are my only friend here on Earth.
We have to stick together.
Now that we've been sighted,
bad people will be looking for us.
We have to be careful.
- Yeah,
'cause we're making a boom-boom.
- That's right, Randy.
We will construct a Love
Bomb, and its love radiation
will save your planet
and the entire universe.
Hopefully.
Let me show you.
♪ We're the mail order maid you ordered ♪
♪ By parcel post we come to you ♪
♪ Pick the one that you like best ♪
♪ And then return the rest ♪
♪ For any one of us will
bring a thrill for you ♪
♪ We're all guaranteed romantic ♪
♪ That's why we're only stars above ♪
♪ And the bride that you get ♪
♪ From a mail order house ♪
♪ Will come to you with kisses and love ♪
- You actually like this crap?
- Did anyone ever tell you
that you look just like
Dog the Bounty Hunter?
- The, the what?
Who?
- Dog.
You know, he captures the bad
guys and has a funny mullet.
Ouch!
I think I just got stung by a bee.
- Granny, I'm home.
I'm just gonna pick up some stuff.
That weird.
Granny's always here watching her stories.
Oh no!
Not Granny!
- This is my fault, Randy.
I will help you get
Granny back, don't worry.
- Thanks Bearian.
I will you help you build a Love Bomb.
We're friends forever.
- Friends forever.
Okay, now let's see if we can
save the world and Granny too.
- Okay, let's do it, Space Bear.
- We're gonna have to
break in here tonight
to get a hold of some plutonium.
- Gonna be a long night, Bearian.
I will get my things.
- Gitsburg.
- Hello, Ricky.
We have some information
that the boy and alien
are planning to break into
Crosspatch Nuclear Plant tonight.
I'm gonna have 10 of
my best men down there,
and I want you on my team.
- Right.
- Do whatever necessary
to capture the alien,
but he must be taken alive.
We will have Granny at the plant tonight
as a little incentive.
- This is getting crazy, Spears.
I don't like hurting innocent people.
- No one's gonna get hurt
unless we fail in stopping the alien.
We have reason to believe
the visitor is attempting to construct
weapons of mass destruction.
This is a matter of national security.
- I don't care about your weapons, Spears.
It's personal now.
That alien will be coming with me tonight,
that I can guarantee.
- Just make sure he comes in
alive and in one piece, Ricky,
or there's gonna be
some harsh consequences,
if you know what I mean.
- Alive or dead, don't
make no difference to me.
- They got guns.
They got peek-a-boos, too.
- Yes Randy.
It seems there's no way in.
Just remember, that things
look darkest just before
it all goes pitch black.
- You sure know English good now.
- I've been experimenting, Randy.
It seems I can do things on this planet
that were impossible on my planet,
like sending out the energy surges.
- Yeah, and the bubble.
- Yes, like the force field bubble.
Take my hand, Randy, and close your eyes.
I'll get us inside.
Randy, look in my eyes.
We must focus on love for each other.
Love is the source of all my power.
I love you, Randy.
- I love you, too, Space Bear.
- Sir, Yogi is in the house.
Repeat, Yogi's in the house.
- Wait out here, Randy.
The radiation inside will kill you.
- Okay, Bearian.
Be careful.
- Put this in your backpack,
and let's get out of here.
- You okay, Bearian?
- Come on out, boy.
Hand over the alien, and no one gets hurt.
- Over my dead body, dirtbag.
- You don't know who you're
messing with, numbnuts.
Gotcha!
- All right, show's over.
The alien comes with us.
- Granny!
- These men are bad, Randy.
Don't let me stand in the way.
Save yourself and your friend.
- No Granny!
- Zowie!
No!
- Cease fire, cease fire!
Stop wasting bullets, you morons.
They're gone.
Get this pansy to a doctor, will ya.
And get somebody up here with a Sham-Wow.
This place is a mess.
- Not Granny, not Granny.
Not Granny!
- It's going to be okay, Randy.
Don't worry.
The Love Bomb is our only
hope to set things right.
- Gitsburg will have to be disposed of
once we have the alien in custody.
He knows too much.
We'll have to make it
look like an accident.
In the meantime,
I want everyone working
around the clock on this.
- We have several reports of break-ins
and thefts from junkyards,
electronic stores, hardware
stores, you name it, sir.
- I'm aware of that, Agent Smiley.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say this alien is
trying to build a nuke.
Time is of the essence.
Somebody get Ricky on the horn,
and tell him that if he
doesn't find that space bear
by the end of the week,
I'm gonna bring a hammer
straight down on his juevos.
Now let's get to work.
- I have everything I need
now to build a Love Bomb,
but it will take time to assemble.
We need to find a desolate place
with no people to set off the Love Bomb.
The explosion will be massive.
Do you know of a place like this?
- My daddy is from a place called Wyoming.
Granny says there's nothing
there but sheep shagging,
whatever that is.
- Wyoming, yes.
I have read of this land,
the land of sheep shaggers, as you say.
We must leave for Wyoming once
the Love Bomb is complete.
- Okay, Bearian.
I'll go with you.
- I'm so sorry about Granny, Randy.
- It's okay.
It's not your fault.
- We can make it right, I promise.
You'll have to trust me.
- I trust you, Bearian.
We stick together no matter what.
- That's right, we're all
we have no matter what.
- No matter what.
- I need you to leave now, Randy.
It won't be safe for you
here while I'm working.
- Okay, I'll be right
outside if you need me.
- Don't worry, Randy, it's not on.
- What is this thing, Bearian?
- It is my own invention I
created on my home world Bearia.
It brought peace to my people,
and now will bring peace to yours.
It's called the Love Bomb.
- How does it work?
- It is a nuclear device,
but I determined how to
restrain the destructive energy
released by detonation,
and to filter it in a way
that produces a radiation
charged by love.
Once detonated,
the love radiation will
spread across the Earth,
and all humans and animals
will live in peace.
Things will be set right
again in your world.
Then the great blackness in the universe
will shrink to nothing,
and we will all be saved.
- Okay Bearian, how do
we get it to Wyoming?
- I won't be able to teleport both of us
and the bomb without causing
great damage to myself.
We're going to need a
helicopter, or something.
There isn't much time.
- A whirly bird?
- A whirly bird.
- Gitsburg, get in here.
What are you waiting for, an invitation?
You really screwed up this time, Ricky.
Look at you.
You're a mess.
- Kiss my grits, Spears.
Where were you when I needed you?
You guys sat around and let
that imbecile cut off my hand.
I'm done with you and
your band of gorillas.
I want out.
- Well, you're useless to us now, anyway.
Unfortunately, it's
not gonna be that easy.
- What do you think you're doing?
We had a deal, Spears.
- That's right, Ricky, we had
a deal, but you screwed it up.
You didn't really think
we would let you walk out
with everything that you know, did you?
We're gonna put you on ice for a while,
until I decide what to do with you.
Take him out of here.
- This ain't gonna work
out well for you, Spears.
I'm not gonna forget this.
I'm done with you and
your band of gorillas.
I want out.
- Well, you're useless to us now, anyway.
Unfortunately, it's
not gonna be that easy.
- What do you think you're doing?
We had a deal, Spears.
- We're gonna put you on ice for a while,
until I decide what to do with you.
Take him out of here.
- This ain't gonna work
out well for you, Spears.
I'm not gonna forget this.
- Randy, it's time.
- Time for what?
- I think I know how to move the bomb.
We must act fast.
I did some research on Ricky Gitsburg.
He was a helicopter pilot for
the military a long time ago
in a place called Vietnam.
He will be the one to get us
to Wyoming with the Love Bomb.
- But that guy hates us, Bearian.
He tried to kill us.
- Yes, he hates us, but he
hates the government more now.
I believe he will help us
if we can break him out.
The FBI is holding him in isolation
at the headquarters due east of here.
It won't be easy,
but he's the one who will
help us save the universe.
Let's get our things together,
there isn't much time.
- Okay, Bearian,
I'm with you.
- Come on, Randy, let's be quick.
Ricky's cell is straight down this way.
This is it.
Stand back, Randy, I've
never tried this before.
- What are you gonna do?
- Well, I'll be a son of
a toothless street walker.
Not you again.
- Let's go.
Bearian is hurt.
- Well, I guess beggars
can't be choosers, boy.
I surely ain't gonna stay out here,
or I'm dead for sure.
- Which way, Bearian?
- Turn right at the end of this hallway.
That will lead us to the helipad.
- Shoot, kid.
- Great
Caesar's
ghost!
- What am I getting into, here?
Where to?
- The land of Wyoming.
- Yeah, but first we gotta pick up
something from the tree house.
- Well, I guess I owe you one.
Looks like we're heading to Wyoming, boys.
Hold on to your butt.
- Where are we?
- This is the Killpecker Sand Dunes
in the Red Desert of Wyoming.
9,000 square miles of nothing.
Think that'll work, Yogi?
- Yes, this will work fine.
Let's get the Love Bomb assembled
before Spears catches up to us.
- You sure this thing is safe?
I mean, what good is
it to save the universe
if we blow up the Earth doing it?
- Maybe the universe would
be better off without Earth.
It was here that all the trouble started.
- Why you arrogant little furball.
- We don't have time to argue, Ricky.
The nearest towns are over 100 miles away,
according to my chart.
The bomb will only have
a 20-mile blast radius.
We will singe the
ground, but nothing more.
Any love radiation will
be carried by the wind
to all the parts of the globe.
We're going to need to seek safe shelter
before we detonate it.
- Why not blow it
from the whirly bird?
- Yes Randy, that's what I was thinking.
- Well, stop y'all's
squawking and let's get to it.
20-mile radius, huh?
- Something went wrong.
- Spears here.
Huh?
You got to be kidding.
- Calling the first nuclear
attack on U.S. soil.
The bomb was detonated near
the Killpecker Sand Dunes
in the Wyoming Red Desert.
Just seconds ago,
Homeland Security declared
it a terrorist attack.
The military is scrambling to
get a handle on the situation
as we speak.
- I'm not through with you yet, Gitsburg.
Why am I always the last to know?
Roger, the whole world's gone
to hell in a hand basket,
and no one tells me.
You guys need to take your thumbs
out of your manholes up there.
Call in everything we got.
We're gonna need military
intervention on this.
Someone's gotta inform the
Pentagon about what's going on.
We have to stop this
alien before it kills us.
Now, get moving!
- What have I done?
- You blew up Wyoming.
Now, we're probably all gonna
die from radiation exposure.
- My instruments show
safe levels of radiation.
It was just the blast was
much greater than expected.
The laws of nature are
much different on Earth
than on my planet.
I must have miscalculated something.
- Ya think?
You took out a whole state, buddy.
- It was a goof.
It's not his fault.
- Pretty big goof, numbnuts.
- Please stop fighting.
We need to get out of this desert.
I don't have much power
left, and we're out of honey.
I will try to teleport
the three of us home,
but it will drain me completely.
- You will die.
- It's okay, Randy.
I think I can take one more jump.
- I don't know where we
are, but it sure ain't home.
Oh great.
We're in Ari-fricking-zona.
- Shut up, dirtbag.
Bearian is hurt.
What do we do now, Bearian?
- I don't know, Randy.
I don't know.
- I'll tell you what to do.
Start walking.
- You dirty traitor.
- Shut up, numbnuts.
Now start walking.
I really wanted to believe you,
but you showed me, didn't you?
Now, move away from the
alien, or so help me,
I'll blow a hole right
through your empty head
to get to him.
That thing is a menace, and it ends now.
- Go ahead and shoot, Ricky.
- Have it your way, numbnuts.
I remember you, pussycat.
Bring it on!
Uh-oh.
- What now?
- We walk.
- Wish we brought snacks.
- Yes, and honey.
I am too weak to teleport us.
- It's okay, Bearian.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
- I hope so, Randy.
- It tastes nasty.
- It's better than nothing.
Let's me try one.
Oh, I feel strange, Randy.
- Me too, Bearian.
You look funny.
- You look funny, too.
- Uh-oh.
♪ There's a fire in the house ♪
♪ It's coming after you ♪
♪ It's playing in ♪
♪ Destroy me in ♪
♪ All the mountains ♪
♪ Are trying ♪
♪ Not to sigh ♪
♪ All ♪
♪ The flames ♪
♪ Are singing ♪
♪ Just do not believe ♪
♪ I know that you won't ♪
♪ Come along ♪
♪ On my magic carpet ride ♪
♪ I know that you won't ♪
♪ Come along ♪
♪ On my magic carpet ride ♪
♪ On my magic carpet ride inside ♪
♪ My mind ♪
♪ Come ride ♪
- Is that where you came from?
- Somewhere out there.
I miss my home.
- Me too.
♪ They're marching ♪
♪ They always gather slow ♪
- I miss my home.
♪ I can see your stories ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ That you won't ♪
- Bearian,
we have been tracking your progress.
Have no fear.
All is not lost.
- But I have failed.
I have only brought even
more destruction here.
- It is not your fault, Bearian.
Our scientists have
worked out a new formula
for the Love Bomb
that is compatible with
Earth's energetic field.
I will grant you this knowledge.
- I knew it was something
with the hydrocarbons.
- Yes.
- I can fix this.
- But it won't be easy.
You only have two days left
until the wormhole closes forever.
If that happens,
we will not be able to
get you home for at least
one
hundred
earth years.
- Great.
- It is imperative
that you accomplish this
mission, or the universe is lost.
Even now, the great blackness
creeps upon the doorstep
of Planet Bearia.
- I won't let the good Space
Bears of Planet Bearia down.
I will complete this
mission even if it kills me.
- Take this.
It is the Crystal of Baldus.
This crystal has been passed
down in your family for years,
specifically for a day like this.
- How do I use this?
- When the time is right,
clutch the crystal, and focus
all your love energy into it.
It will help you when no one else can.
I must send you off now.
Take this honey so that
you will be full power
when you awake.
- Thank you, Grand Inquisitor.
I will do my best.
- Your planet
and the whole
entire
universe
is depending on you, Bearian.
Never
lose
hope.
- I dreamed of big blue bunnies.
- Yes, I had strange dreams also, Randy.
- How did we get up here?
What now?
- We must try one more time.
If we fail, all hope is lost.
- The alien has been spotted
a few miles from here
near the town of Willborough.
We believe he is heading for the Goodwills
and Man nuclear power plant
to attempt another atomic detonation.
We're not gonna let that happen.
The future of America
is in our hands today.
Now, fall out.
- I am sorry for this.
There is no time to explain.
Everyone must exit the plant
now for their own safety.
If there is any resistance,
my friend and I will have
no choice but to blow the place sky high.
Please exit the building
in an orderly manner.
We are here to save the universe.
Okay.
Looks like everyone's out.
Come on, buddy, we don't have much time.
- If we don't make it,
Bearian, just know I love you.
Granny was all I had,
and now it's just you.
- I love you, too, Randy.
Don't worry, we will fix this,
or my name's not Bearian
Starfish the Third.
- Better hurry.
The boom-boom is coming.
- Let's go, Randy.
We're gonna have to make a run for it.
- Show's over, boys.
Drop that detonator now.
We know what you are up to.
Comply!
Fire!
- Ow!
You're my only friend.
- No!
- Cease fire, cease fire!
What the yee-haw heck?
Kill the alien, now!
Yeah!
- Hey Bill,
I gotta tell you something, man.
- What is it, Ted?
- I love you.
- Nah, man.
I love you more.
- What's happened?
You okay?
- Randy!
You're alive!
- Yeah, but I feel all weird.
- I think it worked, Randy.
Look.
♪ Teach me to know of the
things that are right ♪
♪ Teach me ♪
♪ To walk in the light ♪
- Granny!
You're alive!
- Randy, boy, I can remember everything.
- I love you, Granny.
♪ Come, little child, and
together we'll learn ♪
♪ Of his commandments ♪
- It did work.
Oh, Randy, I couldn't
have done it without you.
- We will always stick
together no matter what.
- That's right, no matter what.
I only have 30 minutes left
before the wormhole closes,
and I'm stuck here permanently.
- You can stay, Bearian.
- I miss my home and my family, Randy.
But I'll never make it in time.
- You need a ride, Space Bear?
I got a F-16 with your name on it.
- Can you get me back to
the original crash site?
There is no time to waste.
- We'll get you there with time to spare.
Come on.
- This is as close as you can come
without endangering yourself, Randy.
Thank you so much for all your help.
The good Space Bears will
hear of your heroics.
- Take me with you, Bearian.
I don't fit in here.
- I wish I could, Randy,
but the wormhole is calibrated
for Space Bears, not humans.
Every atom in your body would explode
simultaneously if you try to enter.
- I guess this is goodbye.
- Goodbye, Randy.
I will come back, someday, I promise.
Love forever.
- Love forever.
- Whoo-hoo!
Well, don't just stand there gawking.
I just saved the universe.
Let's get this party started.
- The universe is saved!
All hail
Bearian Starfish the Third.
Hear, hear!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org